1. email as login
2. create email as open , same email id for diff churches
3. add sub domain name in main church register page
4. new register page for for that church
5. new welcome page in main site for signup with 
6. While creating member send welcome email login usermail and password
7. Add person with with role and password and welcome email in add person and member register
8. Primary email and sec email ,,,  home and mobile phone
9. Fixed roles and they can change only role names
10. Login user by sub domain name and same email can be used for diff churches but we can differentiate it by subdomain name and email

25-08-2019
On Add child to events print a lable with onclick
left and right combination for communication
bulk upload of users and household

11-Sep-2019

1.Communication email/sms setting in form submition one or 2 templates
2.Is in group outside memers can join? - yes they can sign up as public view only as joined grp member not as as a member in org
3. pastors board -
	only admin/pastor role
	Color comb for 3 types in facebook wall page

4.scheduling send members email with accept or decline in application level and email
 sample to be taken from richard
 5. scheduling templates to be added in communication tabls
 https://jp1icp.axshare.com/#g=1&p=notification_1

 6. in groups settings add form design as a dropdown to seleect the form and display in group	

Is in group outside memers can join?


30-Sep-2019
1. make email id unique for entire application level
2. Pastor board , in ads make a provision for sell, buy option for paypal payment gateway integraition to church account
3. pastor sort option
4. Resource/rooms approval with another option as others , with email id and that shd exist in org and for them room/resource booking approval shd go
5. in resource create add room dropdown
6. Events -> 
	Building Block - crud
	Location - crud
	Booked for -> person
	Suggested Resources - in checkboxes with count dropdown to map available resources

7. Scheduling pull events from events table with calendar date pick,
remove -Location,Bluiding Block	


After event

-	Teams dd
	

20-Oct-2019
1. (PB)Pastors board one more option as radio button
	->open to all	 domain
	->domain only
2. PB - each posts should have comments add. Only pastor can view the comments
	If open to all shd show all pastor comments else only to that domain pastor

3. Change serrvice to Position
4. Scheduling change service->position in all places
5. Add new tab scheduling in member profile and show the schedulin details and also with accept / decline
